Title: LNTH INVESTOR ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman LLC Announces that Lantheus Holdings, Inc. Investors with Substantial Losses Have Opportunity to Lead Class Action Lawsuit
URL: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lnth-investor-alert-bronstein-gewirtz--grossman-llc-announces-that-lantheus-holdings-inc-investors-with-substantial-losses-have-opportunity-to-lead-class-action-lawsuit-302553434.html

Content:
NEW YORK,Sept. 14, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC, a nationally recognized law firm, notifies investors that a class action lawsuit has been filed against Lantheus Holdings, Inc. ("Lantheus" or "the Company") (NASDAQ:LNTH) and certain of its officers.

This lawsuit seeks to recover damages against Defendants forallegedviolations of the federal securities laws on behalf of all persons and entities that purchased or otherwise acquired Lantheus securities betweenFebruary 26, 2025andAugust 5, 2025, both dates inclusive (the "Class Period"). Such investors are encouraged to join this case by visiting the firm's site:bgandg.com/LNTH.

The Complaintallegesthat, throughout the Class Period, Defendants made materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Defendants provided overwhelmingly positive statements to investors while concealing material adverse facts concerning the true state of Pylarify's competitive position; (2) Lantheus was not equipped to properly assess the pricing and competitive dynamics for Pylarify; (3) the Company failed to disclose that its early 2025 price increase—issued despite prior price erosion—created an opportunity for competitive pricing to flourish, thereby jeopardizing Pylarify's price point, revenue, and overall growth potential; and (4) as a result, Defendants' statements about the Company's business, operations, and prospects were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.

A class action lawsuit has already been filed. If you wish to review a copy of the Complaint, you can visit the firm's site:bgandg.com/LNTH.or you may contactPeretz Bronstein, Esq.or his Client Relations Manager,Nathan Miller, of Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC at332-239-2660. If you suffered a loss in Lantheus you have untilNovember 10, 2025, to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as lead plaintiff.

We represent investors in class actions on a contingency fee basis. That means we will ask the court to reimburse us for out-of-pocket expenses and attorneys' fees, usually a percentage of the total recovery, only if we are successful.

Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is a nationally recognized firm that represents investors in securitiesfraudclass actions and shareholder derivative suits. Our firm has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for investors nationwide.

Follow us for updates onLinkedIn,X,Facebook, orInstagram.

Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC, a nationally recognized law firm, notifies investors that a class action lawsuit has been ...

Attorney Advertising -- Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC, a nationally recognized law firm, notifies investors that a class action lawsuit has been ...